>> Will Sentance: Let's now see
JavaScript with other talent.
Built-in enables a trigger node features.
Because what are we trying to do, people?
Our dream is about right JavaScript code
that can look at an incoming message
off the Internet, introspective,
look into it see what it's asking for,
and then send back the right tweets.
That's our dream.
So there'd better be a label from in here,
the axises or
set up a nodes C++ feature that can access
the networking feature of our computer.
There better be one.
What is it?
Well, actually the main one's called net.
But there's a more
specialized one called HTTP.
The node feature that's gonna access
the network card effectively and
be able to receive messages
in the HTTP format.
And we're gonna see HTTP more detail,
but for now just know it's
a format by which you send messages or
requests from a web browser.
And whenever you type in a URL and
press ENTER, you send out a message.
And it's sent out automatically in the
HTTP format, Hypertext Transfer Protocol.
Protocol means format of data and
rules by how you communicate.
The format of data, HT,
hypertext, that's the structure
of webpages linked between them,
transfer, that means transfer.
Good.
And we need to have our network open,
we're gonna
discover we open a socket which is
an open connection to the Internet,
an open channel to the internet,
two-way open channel to the Internet.
We're gonna discover that open connection,
we need to have it formatted
such that it's ready to receive
HTTP formatted messages.
How are we gonna do that from JavaScript?
Via what, Roman?
>> Roman: With CSS.
>> Will Sentance: Not with CSS, so-
>> Roman: I mean with C++.
>> Will Sentance: With C++, exactly.
Most probably in node featurable HTTP,
and its associated built-in
label in JavaScript, and
guess just want me by label.
It's a label a word in here that
will trigger something down here.
It's called HTTP.
Okay, here we go, people.
Using HTTP feature of node to set up
an open socket connection to the Internet.
Socket's a posh word for
open channel for data to go in and
out of a place over the Internet.
People, what do I wanna build?
I wanna build a cool looking app.
If we get this principle down,
there's nothing else to note.
Today, we're gonna see all
features of node, besides two,
we may have tied to the modularity.
You may have time, and
we have time to do handling
multiple threaded tasks in some
way handling multiple jobs or
incident instances as a one
thing we're going to touch.
But otherwise this model we're gonna
see will apply to every single node
feature that you ever encounter.
All right, here we go, using the HTTP
feature of node to open a socket
to the Internet such that when an inbound
message comes in from the web,
we can run code in JavaScript to send
back a message to Sarah Rose's Mac.
Let's see how we use our
built in label up here.
And I will say this, people,
immediately just so you're not confused.
This built-in label is gonna
be HTTP.create server.
It's a label for a node C++ feature that
says we're open channel to the Internet.
That label is not automatically
available to us in JavaScript.
We're gonna see a little bit later on, how
do we tell JavaScript that we want to have
access to that background mood feature.
One line will bring that labeling.
It's not dissimilar though
to in the browser if you
remember things like set time out,
which is unlabeled in JavaScript,
there's no timer in JavaScript, so
there's a label in JavaScript for
a feature in the web browser, but
set time out is built in automatically.
It's very similar, this is not quite
built in automatically we have
to announce we want it, but it's
effectively almost built-in automatically.
We'll see announcing we want,
it will be later on.
For now let's just use it.
Let's use it, let's use it,
let's use it, let's use it.